[Rust] start tuples concept exercise (#1586)
exercism/v3: languages/rust/exercises/concept/tuples/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

In this exercise you'll explore tuples in Rust by building a kitchen calculator. Imagine you are following a sensible gingersnap cookie recipe but it uses American units for measuring ingredients. You are most familiar with metric units. Being an intrepid programmer, you want to automate that work by writing a kitchen calculator.

Use the following chart in your program:

| Unit to convert | volume | in millilitres (mL) |
| --------------- | ------ | ------------------- |
| mL              | 1      | 1                   |
| US cup          | 1      | 240                 |
| US fluid ounce  | 1      | 30                  |
| US teaspoon     | 1      | 5                   |
| US tablespoon   | 1      | 15                  |

> ## 1. Extract the numeric component from a tuple describing volume

Reviewer: Task headings are usually written as relatively high-level, non-technical descriptions. Maybe something like this:

```suggestion
## 1. Extract the volume from a unit/volume pair
```

Or something similar. This also applies to the other headings.

> - Given the following tuple `(Unit::USCup, 1)`, return the 2nd element.

Reviewer: The instructions of a task should mention what method/function the student is to implement (see [this example](https://github.com/exercism/v3/blob/master/languages/csharp/exercises/concept/strings/.docs/instructions.md#1-get-message-from-a-log-line)). So maybe do something like this:

```suggestion
Implement the `get_volume` function that takes a unit/volume pair tuple as its parameter, and returns the volume part.
```

Or something like that.

```rust
get_volume((Unit::USCup, 1))
// 1
```

## 2. Convert the tuple to millilitres

> - Given a volume-pair tuple, `(Unit::USCup, 2.5)`, convert the volume to millilitres using the conversion chart

Reviewer: The task description is usually written as text, without the leading dash:

```suggestion
Given a volume-pair tuple, `(Unit::USCup, 2.5)`, convert the volume to millilitres using the conversion chart
```

Reviewer: Instead of using a very concrete example in the description, you could make it a generic description and have the example speak for itself.

```suggestion
Implement the `to_millilitres` function that takes a unit/volume pair tuple as its parameter, and returns a new tuple with its volume converted to millilitres using the conversion chart.
```
